# 2022 Papers and Posters
## Papers
1. Making the Most of Parallel Composition in Differential Privacy. Josh Smith (Data61, CSIRO), Hassan Jameel Asghar (Macquarie University and Data61, CSIRO), Gianpaolo Gioiosa (Data61, CSIRO), Sirine Mrabet (Data61, CSIRO), Serge Gaspers (University of New South Wales), and Paul Tyler (Data61, CSIRO)
2. AriaNN: Low-Interaction Privacy-Preserving Deep Learning via Function Secret Sharing. Théo Ryffel (INRIA, DI ENS, ENS, CNRS, PSL University, Paris, France), Pierre Tholoniat (Columbia University, New York, USA), David Pointcheval (DI ENS, ENS, CNRS, PSL University, INRIA, Paris, France), and Francis Bach (INRIA, DI ENS, ENS, CNRS, PSL University, Paris, France)
3. Differentially private partition selection. Damien Desfontaines (Google / ETH Zürich), James Voss (Google), Bryant Gipson (Google), and Chinmoy Mandayam (Google)
4. Circuit-PSI with Linear Complexity via Relaxed Batch OPPRF. Nishanth Chandran (Microsoft Research, India), Divya Gupta (Microsoft Research, India), and Akash Shah (Microsoft Research, India)
5. Multiparty Reach and Frequency Histogram: Private, Secure and Practical. Badih Ghazi (Google), Ravi Kumar (Google), Ben Kreuter (Google), Pasin Manurangsi (Google), Jiayu Peng (Google), Evgeny Skvortsov (Google), Yao Wang (Google), and Craig Wright (Google)
6. Polymath: Low-Latency MPC via Secure Polynomial Evaluations and its Applications. Donghang Lu (Purdue University), Albert Yu (Purdue University), Aniket Kate (Purdue University), and Hemanta Maji (Purdue University)
7. Privacy-preserving FairSwap: Fairness and Privacy Interplay. Sepideh Avizheh (University of Calgary), Preston Haffey (University of Calgary), and Reihaneh Safavi-Naini (University of Calgary)
8. Disparate Vulnerability to Membership Inference Attacks. Bogdan Kulynych (EPFL), Mohammad Yaghini (University of Toronto), Giovanni Cherubin (Alan Turing Institute), Michael Veale (University College London), and Carmela Troncoso (EPFL)
9. Privacy-preserving High-dimensional Data Collection with Federated Generative Autoencoder. Xue Jiang (Technical University of Munich), Xuebing Zhou (Huawei Technologies Duesseldorf GmbH), and Jens Grossklags (Technical University of Munich)
10. Forward and Backward-Secure Range-Searchable Symmetric Encryption. Jiafan Wang (Chinese University of Hong Kong) and Sherman S. M. Chow (Chinese University of Hong Kong)
11. Differentially Private Simple Linear Regression. Daniel Alabi (Harvard University), Audra McMillan (Apple), Jayshree Sarathy (Harvard University), Adam Smith (Boston University), and Salil Vadhan (Harvard University)
12. Privacy-Preserving training of tree ensembles over continuous data. Samuel Adams (University of Washington Tacoma), Chaitali Choudhary (University of Washington Tacoma), Martine De Cock (University of Washington Tacoma), Rafael Dowsley (Monash University), David Melanson (University of Washington Tacoma), Anderson Nascimento (University of Washington Tacoma), Davis Railsback (University of Washington Tacoma), and Jianwei Shen (University of Arizona)
13. User-Level Label Leakage from Gradients in Federated Learning. Aidmar Wainakh (Technical University of Darmstadt), Fabrizio Ventola (Technical University of Darmstadt), Till Müßig (Technical University of Darmstadt), Jens Keim (Technical University of Darmstadt), Carlos Garcia Cordero (Technical University of Darmstadt), Ephraim Zimmer (Technical University of Darmstadt), Tim Grube (Technical University of Darmstadt), Kristian Kersting (Technical University of Darmstadt), and Max Mühlhäuser (Technical University of Darmstadt)
14. Comprehensive Analysis of Privacy Leakage in Vertical Federated Learning During Prediction. Xue Jiang (Technical University of Munich), Xuebing Zhou (Huawei Technologies Duesseldorf GmbH), and Jens Grossklags (Technical University of Munich)
15. Updatable Private Set Intersection. Saikrishna Badrinarayanan (Visa Research), Peihan Miao (University of Illinois at Chicago), and Tiancheng Xie (University of California, Berkeley)
16. PUBA: Privacy-Preserving User-Data Bookkeeping and Analytics. Valerie Fetzer (Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Germany), Marcel Keller (CSIRO's Data61), Sven Maier (Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Germany), Markus Raiber (Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Germany), Andy Rupp (University of Luxembourg), and Rebecca Schwerdt (Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Germany)
17. Visualizing Privacy-Utility Trade-Offs in Differentially Private Data Releases. Priyanka Nanayakkara (Northwestern University), Johes Bater (Duke University), Xi He (University of Waterloo), Jessica Hullman (Northwestern University), and Jennie Rogers (Northwestern University)
18. Mixnet optimization methods. Iness BEN GUIRAT (imec-COSIC, KU Leuven) and Claudia Diaz (imec-COSIC, KU Leuven)
19. Privacy-Preserving and Efficient Verification of the Outcome in Genome-Wide Association Studies. Anisa Halimi (IBM Research Europe - Ireland), Leonard Dervishi (Case Western Reserve University), Erman Ayday (Case Western Reserve University), Apostolos Pyrgelis (EPFL), Juan Ramon Troncoso-Pastoriza (Tune Insight), Jean-Pierre Hubaux (EPFL), Xiaoqian Jiang (University of Texas, Health Science Center), and Jaideep Vaidya (Rutgers Univeristy)
20. Privacy accounting economics: Improving differential privacy composition via a posteriori bounds. Valentin Hartmann (EPFL), Vincent Bindschaedler (University of Florida), Alexander Bentkamp (Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam & State Key Laboratory of Computer Science, Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences), and Robert West (EPFL)
21. Fully Secure PSI via MPC-in-the-Head. S. Dov Gordon (George Mason University), Carmit Hazay (Bar-Ilan University), and Phi Hung Le (George Mason University)
22. In Search of Lost Utility: Private Location Data. Szilvia Lestyan (Budapest University of Technology), Gergely Acs (Budapest University of Technology), and Gergely Biczok (Budapest University of Technology)
23. Machine Learning with Differentially Private Labels: Mechanisms and Frameworks. Xinyu Tang (Princeton University), Milad Nasr (University of Massachusetts Amherst), Saeed Mahloujifar (Princeton University), Virat Shejwalkar (University of Massachusetts Amherst), Liwei Song (Princeton University), Amir Houmansadr (University of Massachusetts Amherst), and Prateek Mittal (Princeton Univeristy)
24. Pika: Secure Computation using Function Secret Sharing over Rings. Sameer Wagh (Devron Corporation)
25. Private Aggregation of Trajectories. Badih Ghazi (Google), Neel Kamal (Google), Ravi Kumar (Google), Pasin Manurangsi (Google), and Annika Zhang (Google)
26. Homomorphically counting elements with the same property. Ilia Iliashenko (Ciphermode Labs, imec-COSIC - KU Leuven), Malika Izabachène (Cosmian), Axel Mertens (imec-COSIC - KU Leuven), and Hilder V. L. Pereira (imec-COSIC - KU Leuven)
27. Time- and Space-Efficient Aggregate Range Queries over Encrypted Databases. Zachary Espiritu (Brown University), Evangelia Anna Markatou (Brown University), and Roberto Tamassia (Brown University)
28. Adam in Private: Secure and Fast Training of Deep Neural Networks with Adaptive Moment Estimation. Nuttapong Attrapadung (AIST), Koki Hamada (NTT), Dai Ikarashi (NTT), Ryo Kikuchi (NTT), Takahiro Matsuda (AIST), Ibuki Mishina (NTT), Hiraku Morita (University of St. Gallen), and Jacob C. N. Schuldt (AIST)
29. XORBoost: Tree Boosting in the Multiparty Computation Setting. Kevin Deforth (Inpher), Marc Desgroseilliers (Inpher), Nicolas Gama (Inpher), Mariya Georgieva (Inpher), Dimitar Jetchev (Inpher), and Marius Vuille (Inpher)
30. Towards Sparse Federated Analytics: Location Heatmaps under Distributed Differential Privacy with Secure Aggregation. Eugene Bagdasaryan (Cornell Tech), Peter Kairouz (Google), Stefan Mellem (Google), Adrià Gascón (Google), Kallista Bonawitz (Google), Deborah Estrin (Google), and Marco Gruteser (Google)
31. LLAMA: A Low Latency Math Library for Secure Inference. Kanav Gupta (Microsoft Research), Deepak Kumaraswamy (Microsoft Research), Divya Gupta (Microsoft Research), and Nishanth Chandran (Microsoft Research)
